I got off work early.
Lena's still at my mom's.
94, 39, brabet.
Six months in arrears.
Mcr 2.116, c9 demands
that this property be foreclosed
on.
In addition, your honor,
that the insurance
coverage has been cancelled
due to Mr. Martini's
involvement with an arson
this man lost his wife, lost his
house,
lost everything.
And not even single charge
was brought against him.
We asking for a little
more time so Mr. Martini
can get his life in order.
At the bank's expense.
Mr. Martini.
I've never not paid anyone.
I'll give you four weeks.
If you could pay half of what
you owe,
then I'll consider giving you
more time.
Mr. Martini, do you have a job?
It's still early.
About the place you got for
rent.
Is it still available?
Let me just get your number.
What's your name?
yeah, we should have something
coming up,
and then when it's ready
I'll call you back.
I'll bring them back to you.
Hi.
Hey, stay with her,
because I'm going to something.
Do you want something?
He's gonna fix it, I said.
Bye, ladies.
See you.
Bye, have fun.
You stay with her, please?
About that apartment.
You told me to call you back in
a week
to see if it done opened up.
I gots to be moving, man.
We got problems in that
building.
Bye.
Hey, please don't stay out late?
You straight to your
fucking sister's house.
Okay?
Okay.
Coming to my bachelor
party tomorrow night?
I don't think so.
You owe me 150.
I need it, I got problems, man.
Getting married is not easy.
For the last three months, man,
and my problems are
much bigger than yours.
I've got something cooking.
Baku put me up on these crazy
dog fights.
I could have made a g last
night,
but I didn't have the
money to gamble with.
Stop gambling, get a job,
and start paying your rent.
I gotta talk to agroni, come on.
Are you gonna come tomorrow, or
what?
Come on, man, please, for
me, bro, you got the tools.
I wanna pay you, I said.
I told you I'll come tomorrow.
Let me eat this fucking food,
man.
This black tenant who's
working the system.
Three months, didn't pay me.
Sits here gambling all night,
but doesn't have money for rent.
You've got to fix this place up,
then you get better people in.
This is the way, man, I know.
Agroni, give me a minute,
i want to talk to this guy.
You know that.
And you'd still owe me the
money.
Give me a pack of reds too,
please.
Just keep it, man, I figured it
out.
Yo, rolexa.
Rolexa, yo.
Yo.
I've been calling you all day,
you can't call nobody back?
You got a dog?
I need the rent, okay?
I'm giving you a warning.
This is the last time.
I don't want to have to put
you out, but I need that rent.
I thought you were sleeping.
I miss my friends.
I got you this.
You're gonna go back to school.
We gotta stop doing this, okay?
Here.
Leave a message after the
beep, and I'll get back to you.
I kind of had a good day today.
I had a high score in Galactica.
Daddy, want to talk to mommy?
Anyway, I wanted to call you and
tell you,
sweet dreams with the angels.
Love you. Daddy does too.
Good night.
I mean like tomorrow or the next
day.
Watch the car, man, hey, hey
hey.
Watch the car, man.
You gotta fix her toilet.
You want a coffee?
I fix lula's toilet now.
Good seeing you, father gjonni.
Okay look, I'm gonna go
talk to some renters,
so just call for me
when you need me, okay?
We're gonna talk about some
things.
The Latin lovely ladies here.
I got the turkish girls there,
the Lebanese girls there.
I got it all going on, man.
Oh, I got something for you too,
hold on,
I forgot to give it to you.
This is my new shit.
This is my new shit, you're
gonna love this. Woo!
Check it out.
You gonna smoke with me?
And how much power you
got coming down here, man?
I increased it a little bit.
Let's go smoke, you're asking
too many questions now.
I'm telling you, man.
You're the first person I'm
giving it to.
Wait 'til you try it, man,
you're gonna love it, love it,
love it.
But we gotta come up with a
better number moving forward,
to keep this shit going right,
because I'm not fucking
with trading no more.
I mean, it's not worth it to
trade.
I gotta deal with this fucking
shit.
And I want a small percentage of
the crop.
C'mon, man, I got a
million things to do, bro.
You can't do that, you can't
go back, I cleaned all this.
A deal's a fucking deal, man,
and now you're changing the
fucking...
Everything's in my
name, I could, you know,
lose the fucking building,
bro, it's a liability, man.
And a nice unit upstairs for
600, that ain't shit, bro.
One, two, three, four, five,
six.
Yeah, okay, no more of this.
That's fine.
I showed you my fucking porn,
I taught you what 80s music was.
What are you thinking about
going forward?
And take this fucking picture
down, man.
I'm not gonna tell you any more.
It's fucking time for a
reelection.
I'm voting for the fucking
underdog, man.
Got no fucking friends
any more, but it's okay.
I got you, girl.
Fuck. Oh, I'm gonna come.
You can do me a favor,
tell leka to stop buying guns,
and start paying his rent.
I'll see you, sweetie.
Sorry about the delay,
and, um, is it okay if I get a
receipt?
It's no problem, man. The
place looks great, bro.
Swear to god I've never seen it
this nice.
It is the best I've ever seen
it.
Could use two more guys
like him, eh, agroni?
Hi, I'm Chad.
We got a million things to do
today,
man, I'm moving this
chick out down the hall.
So Chad, yo, let me ask you,
man,
like, why you guys moving
down here and shit?
I mean, just like from the
suburbs.
The neighborhood's cute, you
know,
and it's different to what I'm
used to.
So, you move in, you invest in
the area,
you help it out and you build
something.
Actually...
All right, here you go,
you know, you guys should stop
by.
You should come by sometime, you
know,
um, you straight people are
allowed
to have fun too, you know.
Well, thanks, Chad, again, bro.
We're going to dicks club, huh?
Open it up, change the lock,
and I'll go check out Lena.
What's up, len?
If I finish, we will.
I'll take fucking this,
these fucking DVDs.
Hello?
Oh, ed, what's up, buddy?
Where's your mom?
Is that a real gun?
Because you're mom's money ain't
working.
Are you thirsty or hungry?
My cousin over here.
But just go with my cousin,
he's a nice man, okay?
We'll get you something to eat.
Oh shit.
20, 40, 60, 80, that's one.
Thanks man, here.
I was just playing with the fag
shit,
why you take everything so
seriously?
Get back in the old country.
I'm just helping them.
Mind your fucking business, man.
Did you see that?
Later I could show you
everyone's apartment,
on dad's other TV.
Elvis!
Elvis, open up the motherfucking
door.
Elvis!
Come on, nigga, quit playing,
I'll stab you, motherfucker!
Here's your boy, he's
fed, thanks to my cousin.
So get the fuck out of here,
and then we're through.
No, it's my place. Here's
all your stuff, okay?
What do you think, you're going
to play the squatting game?
Sit around here for free just to
get by?
Until the court system evicts
you?
And how you leave your
boy alone all the time?
Fucking call them!
Okay, we'll see, nigga.
To your balance, okay?
That's what you just did.
Motherfucker, come on. Piece of
shit...
Just enjoy your day.
Six.
Yeah, I'm making a late mortgage
payment.
Can you make sure it posts
today?
Say it to my face.
And they fucking leave,
I'll fucking kill you.
Get the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of
here, you piece of shit!
Don't let him bother
you. Is your friend okay?
I'm calling the fucking cops.
Ohh!
Lena's still at my mom's so
maybe we could go out tonight?
I'm gonna take a nap now.
Wake me when you get home, okay?
I love you, bye.
Watch your hands, watch your
hands,
here, I'll cut it for you, I'll
cut it for you, don't worry.
So, that's kind of how it went,
like, we'd have to blow in
the games to get 'em to work.
Or stick him in the freezer.
You know I hate it when you do
that.
That have nothing to do
with what we're doing?
You're always bugging me to
bring you here
and now that I do, just never
mind, eat.
Why do you think you
haven't been at school?
Father gjonni...
What the fuck is this now,
again?
Hello?
One of your renters friends, my
man.
She have something that belong
to me.
We gonna be by your spot
tonight.
I can't talk to you about it,
but I'll tell you this much,
that bitch owes me a lot of rent
and I'm probably never gonna
have it.
You're gonna have a big fucking
problem waiting for you.
Hello?
Daddy's gonna go have a
cigarette.
Len, give me my knife, it's
really sharp,
you can cut yourself.
Having some hot plans tonight,
huh?
Checking all the pipes
in the whole building.
I got some company.
Hey, old man,
check out what you're
not gonna have tonight.
Ooh! Ooh!
I hear it was fucking crazy.
My daughter's getting home from
school.
I'm getting sick of this
motherfucker.
I'm so fucking high.
So high...
I gotta get to work, visie.
Because my landlord's a fucking
asshole.
If you help me, I could
pay you more for rent
because now I can't afford
to hire an assistant.
So we got our assistant right
here.
♪Oh shit, here we go
♪hit it from the back
♪beat that ho
♪bitch you better show respect
♪say my name, snap your neck
my daughter, man, from school.
Fuck you!
Elvis, what's wrong? Why are
you treating me like this?
Fuck.
Elvis? Elvis!
Elvis, look at me, you have to
get up!
Elvis, there's someone
downstairs.
Come on.
Len!
Fuck. Lula?
Lula! Lula, say something!
Look, you got leka's keys?
I'm sorry, baby.
Len! Len!
Len!
You know what to do after the
tone.
Look, let us handle this before
it gets out of our hands.
Everything's gonna be straight,
i promise you, call me.
Okay? Call me, please.
Fuck, rolexa.
Fucking bitch.
Agh, you fucking asshole.
You're getting fucking high,
huh?
Oh fuck.
Oh shit.
What the fuck did you do?
Fuck!
Oh shit. Oh fuck.
Hello? Hello?
Any dog can go down.
Bring me back my daughter
please.
Just like rolexa.
What do you want from me?
I got nothing to do with
you and rolexa's business.
My 10, 5 for interest,
10 for inconvenience.
And you have her back in
better shape than you left her.
Just wanna make sure she's okay.
Stay there, bro, stay at
the shop, I'm coming now.
I'm telling you, man,
i don't have anything.
6,000, man, that's all I got,
man.
Take it or leave it Elvis, come
on.
...and I'm fucking begging you,
bro.
I need 10, the bank's
gonna take the building.
But that's all I can give you,
man.
Okay, I give you six, and
I'm gonna loan you two.
Please, man.
Here's two more.
Man, I need this back, man.
Here is your lamborghini, take
it.
You losing the building,
you don't say shit?
What are you talking about?
You dirty motherfucker.
What am I gonna do with my crop?
You could have fucking
said something, man.
Fuck you, man. You could
have fucking told me.
My daughter got snatched.
Yeah. If you don't believe me,
go look in my fucking place.
I swear to god. I need you
to borrow me some money.
I'll hit you back, and you
can live here for free.
And I'm fucking out of here
tomorrow.
Just like that, huh, kush?
And I don't want you
fucking down here, man.
Leave me the fuck alone.
Hi.
Is it still available?
You know, I've been getting
calls for it all week,
why don't you...
You know what, you come
by in the next hour,
I'll waive your first month's
rent.
Just bring a security deposit,
I won't even check your credit.
It's a nice place.
I need 20 keys, man.
Oh fuck.
Hey, Jamal, this is Elvis
Martini, man.
You called me last week
and left me a voicemail
at the place for rent?
You still looking for a spot or
what?
Okay, great.
No cheques though, that's the
only thing,
I'm not charging the security
deposit,
I'm not gonna check any credit,
it's a special we got going.
If you could just bring
cash, that would be great.
Can you get by at like, six?
Hey, Mustafa, this is Elvis
Martini.
You called last week
about a place for rent.
Henry, hey man, you called me
last week
about the apartment for rent?
Hi, Jenny?
Hey, Jose.
Oh, it's beautiful man,
it's a hipster place, bro.
Few kids is okay, it's got
one bedroom, it's fine.
Yeah, Ben, the building's safe.
It's a very clean neighborhood,
it's all old Polish ladies here.
Yeah, we got a special,
there's no security deposit,
right, no, no, it's a special,
cash only. Just bring cash.
Yeah, cash is cool.
Just bring cash, and
that way if you like it,
it'll speed it up.
You wanna come by and check it
out?
If you can get by tonight,
we could do something.
6:05 works, right?
6:10 works?
6:15.
6:20.
6:25.
Yeah, man, 6:45.
Just bring cash and I'll see you
at 6:50.
Jamal? I'm Elvis, how you doing?
You wait in the hallway if you
want.
So, just take a look around,
if you have any questions,
just let me know, man.
Shampoo it nice.
I mean, it's just a good area,
man.
Look, I really don't feel
like being here all day, man,
you seem like a really nice
guy, you were here first,
so what do you think,
man, you wanna do this?
You brought that cash we talked
about?
Got the key right here.
I ain't gonna count it, I trust
you, man.
When we go outside, you know,
just out of respect for them
because they came here,
just act like, you know,
you're still thinking about it.
How do you spell your last name?
All right, Jamal, thanks
for coming out, man.
Okay, just take look around.
Two, four, six, eight,
10, 12, 14, 16, 18. 15, 16.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Fucking shit.
Where the fuck am I gonna get
six gs.
Cheap dicks. Cheap dicks!
You fucking cheap dicks!
Fuckers, man.
Fuck!
Fuck.
Agh.
Hello.
How are you doing with
that money, my friend?
First gate, park at midnight.
Solo, no tools.
You try some funny shit,
your girl gonna be fed.
What kind of ride you got?
I dunno, man, it's a piece of
shit.
What the fuck am I gonna do.
Give me something.
Fucking help me!
Please!
That's very good.
I hope you're ready, I've
gotta cut you down a day early.
Fucking asshole Elvis didn't
tell anybody
he's getting thrown out of the
building.
How about you, Layla?
Oh shit getting into a jam over
here.
♪Hold up, wait a minute
♪wait a minute, hold up
♪oh oh, oh oh
♪work it, work it
♪hold up, wait a minute
♪wait a minute, hold up
♪oh oh, oh oh.
What the fuck! What the fuck!
Again? God damn!
Fucking tape again, you
fucking piece of shit!
Fucking...
They don't fucking make these
any more,
you fucking asshole!
Fucking Sophie, shut the fuck
up!
I got fucking work to do!
Fuck.
Motherfucker. Damn shit.
Debt finally take all your money
and your car, you fucking homo?
What up, man? I gotta go.
Fucking dickhead.
Come on.
Oh shit.
You know he said no heat.
Your dumbass all slow as shit.
What do you want me to do?
Come on, follow me.
Here's your money.
All right, man, tell this
motherfucker to relax.
I'm dino.
I tell you what I am, a purist.
Yo, man, tell your man to
fucking calm down, huh?
They're better than us, you
know?
They're cleaner, and they're
smarter, they're more loyal.
Just depends who raised them.
Discipline.
Teach them.
Where's my girl, bro?
Because I know I am improperly
bred to raise them correct.
Like your tenant rolexa, huh?.
The one you shit on all the
time?
She's terrible mother.
I took care of her son a couple
of times.
It was your girl or something?
She sucked dick for a living.
She steals from me, you know.
She had somebody steal from me.
I kill her.
My father, he's not very nice.
It's healthy to suffer
sometimes, you know?
To suffering is to cleansing.
My children, they gotta suffer.
They value when I feed
them that much more.
I'm sorry. What are we gonna do
here?
I'm gonna watch you eat or what?
I bet you work hard for this,
huh?
That's what we talk
about on the phone, huh?
You got half there, you
follow me, you get the rest.
Okay? And we're done.
Dog,
what do you think, huh?
You think I'm one of
these dumb fucking tenants
you fuck with all day?
Let's just finish this,
that's all I wanna do.
She louder, scratched harder
than a lot of little bitches
I see before.
You train her well, huh?
Don't! Look at me!
No!
No! Daddy, no!
The money's in the fucking
trunk!
Dino, the money's in the trunk,
man,
don't hurt my fucking daughter.
Maybe we're gonna feed this
motherfucker's girl to Lucifer,
make him watch.
What do you think, Lucy, huh?
It's been a long time since
you have some human meat,
I'm sure, huh?
She don't need to see this,
man, get her outta here, man,
it's just between you
and me, you motherfucker.
I bet you act like you're
Christ and shit to people, huh?
Remember all that slick shit
you was talking to me on
the phone, shqiptar, huh?
To my dogs, I am their savior.
I bet you wish you had
one right about now.
G, let's go.
Dino, please! Oh fuck!
She doesn't need to see this
shit.
Fuck you, man.
Agh fuck! It's between me and
you, man.
No, no, stop, stop.
No, no, no, no, no.
Dino, enough! Dino, enough!
Agh. Dino, stop it!
No, no, no, no.
Agh shit!
Go outside, check on them, okay?
I'm gonna have some fun with
this.
What do you want? You want this?
Fucking take it and get out of
here!
Okay, okay, okay.
Dino, enough, okay, dino.
Just like the sheep back home,
we slice them, eat them well
done.
You got a lot of good meat,
baby.
You're gonna do nothing.
And then fuck your bloody
corpse, okay?
You like this huh?
Argh! You sick motherfucker!
Daddy. Daddy.
I'm so sorry, okay.
Hey, baby, come on, come on.
And I'll get back to you.
I kind of forgot what you
sounded like.
I quit smoking.
So, Lena says she wants
to make video games
when she grows up.
I know, that's crazy, right?
She's getting so big, and
she's just like you, smart.
And she just loves, and loves,
and loves.
And I don't deserve it
the way I never deserved you.
I'm so sorry,
I don't know
what's coming after this
but I'm ready for it, you know?
I'm trying.
I'm trying so hard.
I miss you more and more
every day.